Bejelentkezés: :
H-P: 8-16 óráig - halasmedical@gmail.com
Időpont foglalás: :
+36 30 259 5636
Kapcsolat, időpont foglalás
Keresés:
jún 30, 2026
Telefonos időpont foglalás hétfőtől péntekig 8-16 óra között: +36 30 259 5636
Telephelyeink
6400 Kiskunhalas, Eötvös u. 19.
6723 Szeged, Dankó Pista u. 13. fsz. 1.
6800 Hódmezővásárhely, Eszperantó u. 3 1/4.
1027 Budapest, Margit Krt. 62. 1/2.
6500 Baja, Galamb u. 7-11.
6000 Kecskemét, Dobó Krt. 3-11 1/1.
Halas Medical Kft.
Telefon: +36 30 259 5636
Email : halasmedical@gmail.com
Adószám: 29143809-1-03
Cégj.: 03-09-134657
Bank: 11600006-00000000-94878417
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.
Cookie settings
ACCEPT
Manage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
Cookie
Duration
Description
cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".
cookielawinfo-checbox-functional
The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".
cookielawinfo-checbox-others
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".
viewed_cookie_policy
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Others
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
SAVE & ACCEPT
MENÜ
Home
Orvosaink
Árak
Kiskunhalasi rendelés
Bajai rendelés
Synlab kémia
Synlab mikrobiológia
Synlab molekuláris mikrobiológia
Synlab DNS profil
Synlab molekuláris genetika
New Era Genetics árlista
Egészségpénztárak
Rólunk
Adatvédelem
Galéria
Hírek
Telemedicina
Szolgáltatások
Szűrések
Halas Medical szűrőcsomag
PanoramaTM – Magzati genetika szűrővizsgálat
PCA3 teszt
Signatera™ teszt
LBC cytológiai vizsgálat a Halas Medicalnál
Endometrium (méhnyálkahártya) biopszia
Hajbeültetés, hajpótlás
A Manfinity szolgáltatásról
Szépészet
PROFHILO® – BIO REMODELING
Intimplasztika
Időpont foglalás